Alright, welcome back to this lesson, I'm
Teacher Junior, and let's check it out
right away.
So, let's check out the word which.
Vamos a ver la palabra which.
A moment before the elevator hits the
bottom, you will somehow decrease the
impact on your body.
Firstly, how are you planning to
understand when you should jump?
You can't see through metal, can you?
Secondly, even if you somehow manage to
jump, which is extremely difficult due to
being in a freefall, the speed decrease
you can hope for is about 2 miles per
hour, or 3 kilometers per hour.
It's definitely not enough to save your life.
What is worse, you might hurt yourself
badly if you hit the ceiling with your head.
Jumping is not worth the risk at all.
Mythbusters tested this approach.
Believe us, it didn't end well for the
dummy inside the elevator.
Standing up straight and hoping for the
best is also not the best idea.
Nothing good is coming.
What is coming is a weight 10 times
larger than that of your own body
dropping on your legs at the moment of impact.
Now, with all due respect, neither you
nor anyone else can survive that.
So, now that we're clear of what you
should never do in a falling elevator,
let's get to the best course of action.
Your best bet would be to lie flat on
your back.
This position will help you distribute
the force of the impact across your
entire body.
Yes, your small thin bones will probably
snap anyway, though it mostly depends on
how high up you were when the cable snapped.
But it might help you avoid more serious damage.
Or not.
Nobody is absolutely certain.
It's probably pretty hard to think
clearly in such a situation.
But you should also remember to cover
your head with your hands.
When the elevator lands, it will most
likely be destroyed.
So, protecting your head from debris
might save your life.
If you're trapped under an avalanche,
spitting can help you out.
As soon as you stop moving, make a little
hole around your face.
Spit in the air pocket and see where
gravity carries your saliva.
Then start making your way out by digging
in the opposite direction.
If suddenly you notice that the water
recedes quickly and unexpectedly from a
beach exposing the ocean floor, you
should warn everyone around and get away
as fast as you can.
Because when the waterline is abnormally
far from the shore, this is a sign of a tsunami.
No air pump and a flat tire is a bad
combo when you're far from home.
To fix your bike, grab a bunch of grass
or leaves and evenly pack the tire with
as much as possible.
That will be enough to reach a safe place.
Now, do you know any other tricks to fix
a flat tire without an air pump?
Share your wisdom in the comments below.
If you're under attack by a moose, those
creatures are huge, try to hide behind a tree.
Those animals have a blind spot in their
peripheral vision, so they will lose you
and you can escape easier.
If a black bear is chasing you, remember
that you shouldn't turn your back on this
animal or try to run.
Either of these actions can make them hostile.
Your best bet is to lie flat on your
stomach to protect your organs, crossing
your hands behind your neck to guard your
arteries to convince the bear you don't
pose any threat.
Also, don't climb a tree.
They do it better than you.
Oh, and if you see Yogi Bear, don't try
to look like a picnic basket.
He'll steal you every time.
For example, over here, de estas
situaciones, which one would you choose?
¿Cuál escogerías?
Which one?
Well, I want you to grab it in the
comments down below.
Escríbelo allá abajo en los comentarios.
Which situation would you prefer?
¿Cuál situación preferirías?
Alright, so now, repeat after me.
Repite conmigo.
Which city are you from?
That's great.
Once more.
Which city are you from?
Pretty good.
That's excellent.
Now, let's check the next one.
Vamos a ver cómo puedes responder.
Tenemos este formato de aquí.
My hometown is...
Is...
Y dices tu ciudad.
En este caso tenemos Reading.
It's near London.
Mi ciudad natal es Reading.
Y está near, cerca de London.
Londres.
Alright, so we already know a little bit
about London.
Nosotros ya hemos visto algo acerca de London.
And now we're going to check Reading.
Vamos a ver este corto video de Reading.
So, that's great.
Now, you could say...
Tú pudieras decir...
My hometown is Reading.
Dilo conmigo.
Pretty good.
That's right.
Once more.
My hometown is Reading.
That's great.
Ahora, quiero que lo reemplaces con tu hometown.
Con tu ciudad natal.
My hometown is...
Pretty good.
Excellent.
Now, next up.
La siguiente que tenemos es...
Big town and quite small.
Alright?
Big and small.
Vamos a ver en este video...
Cuáles son las cosas más big...
Más
grandes...
Of the universe del universo.
And what are the things that are quite small.
Y cuáles son las cosas que son bien pequeñas...
In the universe.
Alright?
Performing a size comparison of the
entire universe...
Will unearth some
astonishing facts.
Let us begin our journey from...
Smallest
to Largest.
Basetime Fabric.
The Foundation of the Universe.
Going any smaller than this will defy the
laws of physics.
Planck Particle.
The smallest thing in existence.
The largest known moon.
Ganymede.
Finally, this is us.
Everyone you know.
Every religion.
Ideology.
Conflict.
Every experience.
Every saint and sinner in the history of
our species.
Lives out here.
Other planets.
The largest being Jupiter.
Which can fit 1 ,300 Earths inside of it.
The Sun.
A ball of superheated gas.
Which can fit a million Earths inside of it.
Stars.
Polaris.
Over 10 ,000 times bigger than our own Sun.
The Pistol Star.
3 ,000 times bigger than Polaris.
If this had the same location as our Sun,
it would reach as far as Mars.
So, whenever someone asks you, what city
are you from, you could say, I come from
a big town.
Para decir, yo vengo de una big, una gran ciudad.
A town.
Alright?
Town es también similar a city.
Solo que city es más grande que town.
¿Ok?
So, tenemos city, town y village.
Ahora, puedes decir, I come from a big town.
Pretty good.
Si vienes de una big town, de una ciudad
grande, dices eso.
And now, if you say, si tú vienes de un
pueblo, then you could say, my village is
quite small.
¿Ok?
Say it with me.
Dilo conmigo.
My village is quite small.
Pretty good.
Once more.
My village is quite small.
Pretty good.
That's how you do it.
Eso significa, mi pueblo es bastante pequeño.
Alright, so now, I would like to hear in
the comments below, what city are you from?
Escribe ahí abajo mínimo 15 palabras
explicando what city are you from.
De qué ciudad eres.
Alright?
Don't forget to rate this video.
No te olvides de darle una calificación a
este video.
Es decir, selecciona las estrellitas.
Márcala como concluida.
And also, let me show you some good news.
Se voy a compartir unas buenas noticias.
Today, we learned 21 words.
Hoy aprendimos 21 palabras and 4 expressions.
Y 4 expresiones.
Alright?
More than 4 expressions.
Más de 4 expresiones.
También hemos practicado pronunciation,
listening, and cultural takeaway.
Alright?
Keep going on.
Sigue practicando.
Remember, in Anki.
Recuerda, en Anki.
Esta misma lección.
Practícala en Anki.
Also, with the resources.
The recommended resources that you like.
Los recursos recomendados que te gusten.
Alright?
Check it out there. And, finally, finalmente.
Ten en cuenta esto.
Mistakes are proof that you're trying and learning.
Los errores son prueba de que estás
intentando y aprendiendo.
Do not dismay.
No te desanimes.
Keep going on.
Sigue, sigue hacia adelante.
Los errores es una muestra de que cada
vez tú estás progresando.
Porque si no hubieran errores, entonces
no estuvieras aprendiendo.
See you in the next one.